README.md, before:

# ME310G1 / Charlie official communication library for Arduino

Code library for Arduino projects using ME310G1 devices (for example, on [Charlie Board](https://github.com/telit/arduino-charlie) )



## Contents

This Library will provide a set of APIs wrapping the AT commands to simplify the interaction with the ME310G1 device.

### Classes

The library provides the following classes:

 - **ME310** :  _main class providing all the functionalities, the only needed for users' code_
 - **Parser** : _internal helper classes to simplify the AT command responses parsing_
 - **PathParsing** : _internal helper class to parse the file paths on the device_
 - **ATCommandDataParsing** : _internal class used to call Parser_


### Examples

The following examples are available:

 - **[AGNSS_example](examples/AGNSS_example/AGNSS_example.ino)** : _Simple example that shows how to configure the AGNSS functionality_
 - **[Bosch_sensor_example](examples/Bosch_sensor_example/Bosch_sensor_example.ino)** : _Shows how to retrieve info from the onboard Bosch BMA400 accelerometer_
 - **[CheckModule](examples/CheckModule/CheckModule.ino)** : _Turns the modem on and checks if it responsive_
 - **[CLIP_example](examples/CLIP_example/CLIP_example.ino)** : _Shows how to use Calling Line Identifier protocol_
 - **[FTP_example](examples/FTP_example/FTP_example.ino)** : _Connects to an FTP server and performs basic operations_
 - **[GNSS_example](examples/GNSS_example/GNSS_example.ino)** : _Simple GNSS example, it enables the GNSS receiver and provides raw location data_
 - **[Hello_World_example](examples/Hello_World_example/Hello_World_example.ino)** : _Basic Hello World example_
 - **[LWM2M_example](examples/LWM2M_example/)** : _uses LwM2M protocol and the accelerometer to send data to the OneEdge portal_
   - **[LWM2M_example_2G](examples/LWM2M_example/LWM2M_example_2G/LWM2M_example_2G.ino)** : _example with 2G network_
   - **[LWM2M_example_4G](examples/LWM2M_example/LWM2M_example_4G/LWM2M_example_4G.ino)** : _example with 4G network_
 - **[LWM2M_first_example](examples/LWM2M_first_example/)** : _uses LwM2M to create a simple connection to OneEdge portal and pushes accelerometer data showing basic resources operations_
 - **[LWM2M_Get_Object_example](examples/LWM2M_Get_Object_example/)** : _uses LwM2M GET OBJ functionality to access a whole object with single calls_
 - **[M2M_example](examples/M2M_example/M2M_example.ino)** : _Communicates with the modem using the M2M commands to manage the filesystem_
 - **[ME310_AT_Test](examples/ME310_AT_Test/ME310_AT_Test.ino)** : _Communicates with the modem and provides info about it (ICCID, IMEI etc.)_
 - **[MQTT_example](examples/MQTT_example/MQTT_example.ino)** : _Communicate with a MQTT broker_
 - **[Ping_example](examples/Ping_example/Ping_example.ino)** : _Simple example that enables the connectivity and pings a server_
 - **[Socket_example](examples/Socket_example/Socket_example.ino)** : _Enables connectivity and uses a TCP socket example communicating with a demo server_
 - **[Sleep_mode_example](examples/Sleep_mode_example/Sleep_mode_example.ino)** : _Shows how to configure sleep modes on the board_
 - **[TransparentBridge](examples/TransparentBridge/TransparentBridge.ino)** : _Enable the modem and creates a bridge between Arduino serial and modem AT interface, allowing user to send AT commands manually_
 - **[GenericCommand_example](examples/GenericCommand_example/GenericCommand_example.ino)** : _Shows how to send AT commands to the modem manually and manage the response (useful for complex AT commands or chains of commands)_


## Support

If you need support, please open a ticket to our technical support by sending an email to:

 - ts-americas@telit.com if you are in the Americas region
 - ts-emea@telit.com if you are in EMEA region
 - ts-apac@telit.com if you are in APAC

 providing the following information:

 - module type
 - answer to the commands (you can use the TrasparentBridge example to communicate with the modem)
   - AT#SWPKGV
   - AT+CPIN?
   - AT+CCID
   - AT+CGSN
   - AT+CGDCONT?

and add [Charlie][AppZone] in the e-mail object, and in the e-mail body refer to the opened issue on github.

Commit message:

Cleaning up history
Signed-off-by: Rooney Jang <pimco01@naver.com>

README.md, after:

# CodeZoo ME310G1 Modem official communication library for Arduino

Code Library forked the Telit Charlie Arduino Library([Charlie Arduino Library](https://github.com/telit/arduino-me310-library) and ported it to work with the CodeZoo ME310G1 Modem. 
We modified the library and examples to work with Arduino UNO R4 and excluded examples that don't work due to different hardware environments from the Charlie board. 


## Contents

This Library will provide a set of APIs wrapping the AT commands to simplify the interaction with the ME310G1 device.

### Classes

The library provides the following classes:

 - **ME310** :  _main class providing all the functionalities, the only needed for users' code_
 - **Parser** : _internal helper classes to simplify the AT command responses parsing_
 - **PathParsing** : _internal helper class to parse the file paths on the device_
 - **ATCommandDataParsing** : _internal class used to call Parser_


### Examples

The following examples are available:

 - **[CheckModule](examples/CheckModule/CheckModule.ino)** : _Turns the modem on and checks if it responsive_
 - **[FTP_example](examples/FTP_example/FTP_example.ino)** : _Connects to an FTP server and performs basic operations_
 - **[GNSS_To_LTE_example](examples/GNSS_To_LTE_example/GNSS_To_LTE_example.ino)** : A simple example of sending data acquired from GNSS to Telit server via LTE_
 - **[GNSS_example](examples/GNSS_example/GNSS_example.ino)** : _Simple GNSS example, it enables the GNSS receiver and provides raw location data_
 - **[LWM2M_example](examples/LWM2M_example/)** : _uses LwM2M protocol and the Gnss locattion to send data to the OneEdge portal_
   - **[LWM2M_example_4G](examples/LWM2M_example/LWM2M_example_4G/LWM2M_example_4G.ino)** : _example with 4G network_
 - **[LWM2M_Get_Object_example](examples/LWM2M_Get_Object_example/)** : _uses LwM2M GET OBJ functionality to access a whole object with single calls_
 - **[M2M_example](examples/M2M_example/M2M_example.ino)** : _Communicates with the modem using the M2M commands to manage the filesystem_
 - **[ME310_AT_Test](examples/ME310_AT_Test/ME310_AT_Test.ino)** : _Communicates with the modem and provides info about it (ICCID, IMEI etc.)_
 - **[MQTT_example](examples/MQTT_example/MQTT_example.ino)** : _Communicate with a MQTT broker_
 - **[Ping_example](examples/Ping_example/Ping_example.ino)** : _Simple example that enables the connectivity and pings a server_
 - **[Socket_example](examples/Socket_example/Socket_example.ino)** : _Enables connectivity and uses a TCP socket example communicating with a demo server_
 - **[Sleep_mode_example](examples/Sleep_mode_example/Sleep_mode_example.ino)** : _Shows how to configure sleep modes on the board_
 - **[TransparentBridge](examples/TransparentBridge/TransparentBridge.ino)** : _Enable the modem and creates a bridge between Arduino serial and modem AT interface, allowing user to send AT commands manually_
 - **[GenericCommand_example](examples/GenericCommand_example/GenericCommand_example.ino)** : _Shows how to send AT commands to the modem manually and manage the response (useful for complex AT commands or chains of commands)_


## Support

If you need support, please open a ticket to our technical support by sending an email to:

 - rooney.jang@codezoo.co.kr

 providing the following information:

 - module type
 - answer to the commands (you can use the TrasparentBridge example to communicate with the modem)
   - AT#SWPKGV
   - AT+CPIN?
   - AT+CCID
   - AT+CGSN
   - AT+CGDCONT?
